remove mention of building blocks and blocks from documentation (#1660)
open-contracting/standard: docs/guidance/map/organization_classifications.md

There are therefore two options that are encouraged for publishing organization classifications.

1. For classifications that have become standardized, there are specific OCDS fields and codes that ought to be used. At present, this only applies to organization scale, which ought to be disclosed using the `parties.details.scale` field, using a code from the [party scale codelist](../../schema/codelists.md#party-scale).

> 1. For non-standardized options, such as classifying forms of organization ownership, publishers ought to use the [organization classification extension](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/organizationClassification/1.1/). This extension adds a [`classifications`](../../schema/reference.md#classification) array to `parties.details` to enable the categorization of organizations. Each `classification.id` field ought to contain a code from the particular scheme given in the `classification.scheme` field. Details about the particular organization characteristic that is being disclosed ought to be provided in the `classification.description` field. The given `classification.scheme` can be an existing scheme (drawn from the open [classificationScheme codelist](../../schema/codelists.md#classification-scheme)), or a local scheme for a particular publisher. In both cases, we encourage publishers to provide details of all schemes and classification codes used in their [publication policy](../publish.md#finalize-your-publication-policy), to help users understand the data.

Reviewer: GitHub doesn't highlight properly, but I changed `parties.details` to "the `parties.details` object"

```suggestion
1. For non-standardized options, such as classifying forms of organization ownership, publishers ought to use the [organization classification extension](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/organizationClassification/1.1/). This extension adds a [`classifications`](../../schema/reference.md#classification) array to the `parties.details` object, in order to enable the categorization of organizations. Each `classification.id` field ought to contain a code from the particular scheme given in the `classification.scheme` field. Details about the particular organization characteristic that is being disclosed ought to be provided in the `classification.description` field. The given `classification.scheme` can be an existing scheme (drawn from the open [classificationScheme codelist](../../schema/codelists.md#classification-scheme)), or a local scheme for a particular publisher. In both cases, we encourage publishers to provide details of all schemes and classification codes used in their [publication policy](../publish.md#finalize-your-publication-policy), to help users understand the data.
```

> 1. For non-standardized options, such as classifying forms of organization ownership, publishers ought to use the [organization classification extension](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/organizationClassification/1.1/). This extension adds a [`classifications`](../../schema/reference.md#classification) array to the `parties.details` sub-schema to enable the categorization of organizations. Each `classification.id` field ought to contain a code from the particular scheme given in the `classification.scheme` field. Details about the particular organization characteristic that is being disclosed ought to be provided in the `classification.description` field. The given `classification.scheme` can be an existing scheme (drawn from the open [classificationScheme codelist](../../schema/codelists.md#classification-scheme)), or a local scheme for a particular publisher. In both cases, we encourage publishers to provide details of all schemes and classification codes used in their [publication policy](../publish.md#finalize-your-publication-policy), to help users understand the data.

Reviewer 2: `parties.details` isn't a sub-schema (definition).

```suggestion
1. For non-standardized options, such as classifying forms of organization ownership, publishers ought to use the [organization classification extension](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/organizationClassification/1.1/). This extension adds a [`classifications`](../../schema/reference.md#classification) array to `parties.details` to enable the categorization of organizations. Each `classification.id` field ought to contain a code from the particular scheme given in the `classification.scheme` field. Details about the particular organization characteristic that is being disclosed ought to be provided in the `classification.description` field. The given `classification.scheme` can be an existing scheme (drawn from the open [classificationScheme codelist](../../schema/codelists.md#classification-scheme)), or a local scheme for a particular publisher. In both cases, we encourage publishers to provide details of all schemes and classification codes used in their [publication policy](../publish.md#finalize-your-publication-policy), to help users understand the data.
```

#### Classification schemes

> Each `Classification` contains fields to provide information about the `description` (a textual description or title for the classification code), `id` (the classification code), `uri` (to uniquely identify the classification code) and `scheme`. The `scheme` value can be drawn from the open [classificationScheme codelist](../../schema/codelists.md#classification-scheme) (where the `Category` value is "organization"), or it can be a local scheme. Schemes are given to classify the activities of procuring authorities (i.e. procuring entities and/or buyers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A classification object can set the fields: `description` (a textual description or title for the classification code), `id` (the classification code), `uri` (to uniquely identify the classification code) and `scheme`. The `scheme` value can be drawn from the open [classificationScheme codelist](../../schema/codelists.md#classification-scheme) (where the `Category` value is "organization"), or it can be a local scheme. Schemes are given to classify the activities of procuring authorities (i.e. procuring entities and/or buyers).
```

> Each `classification` object contains fields to provide information about the `description` (a textual description or title for the classification code), `id` (the classification code), `uri` (to uniquely identify the classification code) and `scheme`. The `scheme` value can be drawn from the open [classificationScheme codelist](../../schema/codelists.md#classification-scheme) (where the `Category` value is "organization"), or it can be a local scheme. Schemes are given to classify the activities of procuring authorities (i.e. procuring entities and/or buyers).

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence is describing the schema rather than data so it should be 'sub-schema' rather than 'object'. That said, I think it reads better to omit that part entirely:

```suggestion
Each `Classification` contains fields to provide information about the `description` (a textual description or title for the classification code), `id` (the classification code), `uri` (to uniquely identify the classification code) and `scheme`. The `scheme` value can be drawn from the open [classificationScheme codelist](../../schema/codelists.md#classification-scheme) (where the `Category` value is "organization"), or it can be a local scheme. Schemes are given to classify the activities of procuring authorities (i.e. procuring entities and/or buyers).
```

A third, discouraged, option is for publishers to use local extensions to disclose organization classification information. This option is discouraged because it is difficult for data users to compare organization classifications across multiple data sets that use many different approaches to disclosing similar information. However, in the absence of standardized options, where there is a specific use case for the data, this can be the most appropriate short-term option. Local extensions ought to document the structure and meaning of the additional fields they describe: please refer to the [extensions documentation](extensions).

> In the fictional example below, Dhanghadi has created a local extension so they can publish data in the `parties.details` sub-schema on an organization that is `femaleChaired`, with the values of the field being either `true` or `false`. The publisher would document the structure of this field and its meaning in the local extension files.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph is describing the data in the example so it should be 'object' rather than 'sub-schema':

```suggestion
In the fictional example below, Dhanghadi has created a local extension so they can publish data in the `parties.details` object on an organization that is `femaleChaired`, with the values of the field being either `true` or `false`. The publisher would document the structure of this field and its meaning in the local extension files.
```
